[bulk] Validation: Multiple Fixes (#225)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/rest-services/routes/index.md

---
title: "Routes API | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Learn how to use the Routes API to create a route that includes two or more locations and to create routes from major roads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: An overview page for the Bing Maps Routes API section with links to articles that describe how to create a route that includes two or more locations.
```
